#350 - Adding Retroflag GPi CASE 2 (#359)
geerlingguy/raspberry-pi-pcie-devices: _boards_cm/retroflag-gpi-case-2.md

---
layout: board
title: "Retroflag GPi CASE 2"

> short_description: A Game-Boy-inspired Raspberry Pi gaming handheld built around the CM4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short_description: A GameBoy-inspired gaming handheld built around the CM4.
```
